14 to the chief musician
of David The Fool has said in his heart
there is no God they are corrupt they
have done abominable works there is none
who does good the Lord looks down from
heaven upon the children of men to see
if there are any who understand who seek
God they have all turned aside they have
together become corrupt there is none
who does good no not one if all the
workers of iniquity no knowledge who eat
up my people as they eat bread and do
not call on the Lord there they are in
great fear for God is with the
generation of the righteous you shame
the counsel of the poor but the Lord is
his refuge oh that the salvation of
Israel would come out of Zion when the
Lord brings back the captivity of his
people but Jacob rejoice and Israel be
glad